hey guys Mike here take a look at the
iPhone 5s case this is a Apple's case
that they came up with the iPhone 5s
also works with the iPhone 5 comes in
six different colors you can get it in
beige brown black kind of a lime
greenish blue and this right here is the
product red it's a leather case so on
the outside its leather on the inside
you have this nice little material in it
- I'm kind of a felt like material to
keep your phone nice and protected I've
been using this since the iPhone 5s came
out so it's actually got quite a few
miles on it here and over the period of
a month or whatever it's been and really
the biggest issue I have with this case
is it gets dirty I don't if you can see
how kind of grungy it looks particularly
along the corners here you'll see it the
first day or two I actually cleaned it I
took some spray like some screen cleaner
and and scrubbed it off and then
actually seemed to do the trick after a
dryden I'm sure that doesn't you know do
wonders for the for the weather itself
but I got sick of doing that because it
was like basically clean the case every
day because I kept getting so so gross
so I just gave up and just live with it
I think I'd like the black model better
because I wouldn't show this as much but
it would still be dirty I just wouldn't
notice it so not as easy to clean and
kind of keep clean then this sort of
plastic case though there nap you I like
it you know it's a nice it fits the
phone well it's not a whole lot of bulk
to it or anything if it's a nice little
design with it has a nice feel to it the
leather fits the hand really well and
you actually didn't have a case on my
iPhone 5 for quite a while because of
the headphone jacks they're all so small
now they're made to basically fit
apple's headphones and apparently all
the headphones i own are too big so I
can't use it with the case so that kind
of bug me a little bit so I just stopped
using a case for a while but I'm using a
Bluetooth so that's why I've been
managed to keep this on for a while so
let's take a look at all the ports and
controls I'll show a couple other things
here so on the bottom we do have the
headphone jack which is too small I wish
they were a little bit bigger but if you
do use Apple's earbuds or I guess ones
that are similar you'll be fine with
that or Bluetooth which is probably the
best way to go
also you got the speaker brand and
microphone on it and the Lightning
connector there and then the volume up
and down covered works fine nice could
click on that and the little silent
switch on top and then power and then on
the back here we have the the camera and
then also the double flash that we have
you can see a little bit of an Apple
logo it's kind of almost kind of screen
print on there it's a bit depressed
inside of it so cool-looking design cool
feel it fits the phone really well I
like the feel of it I like how it fits
the phone everything and one thing I
don't like is how dirty it looks it also
will take a little wear let's zoom in a
little bit I got a good scratch on this
one you could see you know right here
I'm got a nice little scratch so it will
take some scratches you you know whether
wares and generally you know that kind
of gives a character improves it you
know the way it distress you know marks
and everything but scratches not so much
but just note that's one little issue
with it compared to let's say a plastic
case or you know even a fake leather
case I'm gonna give you a close-up here
of how dirty this thing looks yeah not
real thrilled how dirty it looks again I
think I wish I wish I would have got the
black one instead so but anyways that's
a look here of the iPhone 5s case so a
couple things to keep in mind it's gonna
get dirty it's gonna be hard to keep
clean compared to necessarily a plastic
case and we'll get a little bit aware
but otherwise it fits the phone really
well and I like the nice little feel on
this so once again guys look here at the
iPhone 5s case alright guys this is Mike
Monsanto great Mac thanks for watching